Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ collects and uses the personal information you provide when you use our services
EMIs available through ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ are provided by our partner banks. Personal information connected to the application is shared with the banks.
Changes to SHOPPING DEAL APP Privacy Policy:
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If changed, these changes will be reflected on our website and 
the date of the last change displayed on the top of the page. Your continued use of ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ services or 
the website after we have made such changes will constitute your acceptance of the new privacy policy.
Information we collect about you:
When you register to use ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ services by applying for a EMI through partner merchant websites or 
through our website, we collect your name, email-id, mobile number, Permanent Account Number (PAN) and EMI/shipping/current 
residence address. We may also collect additional information from you in order to enable us to verify your identity. 
We may collect your financial information to determine your qualification for the EMI.

In order to help us further identify you, we may also gather information about the device you are using to access the 
‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ services or the Site, including any information about the device, its location, IP address of 
the device and any other information sent to us by the device. We may also gather information about your use of our 
Site or any merchant website, including your interaction with the EMI application, your past use of the ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ 
service; any past purchases that you’ve made using the service and any actions you have taken relating to your application.

We may also obtain information about you from third party sources. For example, we work with identity verification 
companies that will help us identify you. As part of the qualification process, we will obtain information about you,
including your personal information and credit report, from credit reporting agencies.

Our app may further collect following information for credit assessment purpose, to uniquely identify you and prevent
frauds and unauthorized access by fraudsters. Any acceptance or denial of such permissions may affect your journey of EMI approval process.

FINANCIAL SMS INFORMATION
We don’t collect, read or store your personal SMS from your inbox.We collect and monitor only financial related 
SMSs sent by 6-digit alphanumeric senders from your inbox which eventually helps us in identifying the bank accounts
which you may be holding, your cash flow patterns, description and amount of the transactions undertaken by you as
a user which will help us perform a credit risk assessment and enables us to determine your risk profile and 
provide you with the appropriate credit analysis. This will enable you to take various financial facilities 
offered by regulated financial entities available on such Platforms. This Financial SMS data also includes your historical data.
DEVICE LOCATION AND DEVICE INFORMATION
We collect and monitor the information related to the location of your device in order to enable us to provide
serviceability with respect to your EMI application, to reduce risk associated with your EMI application and to 
provide pre-approved customized EMI offers. This further helps us to verify your address, make a well informed 
credit risk decision and expedite the entire know your customer (KYC) process.

Information the App collects, and its usage, depends on how you manage your device’s privacy controls. When you 
install the App, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to your device.

We collate information from the device when you download and install the App and explicitly seek permissions 
from you to get the required information from the device.

The information we collect from the device include the OS version, brand, build model, RAM (available & total), 
internal & external storage (available & total), display language, unique device identifiers; SIM information that 
includes network operator and network type; to uniquely identify your devices and ensure that no unauthorized 
devices acts on your behalf which helps us in preventing frauds.

INSTALLED APPLICATIONS
We collect a list of the installed applications’ metadata information which shall include the application name,
package name and package path of each installed application on your device to enable us to assess your credit 
worthiness and enrich your profile with pre-approved customized EMI offers.
ACCOUNTS
We collect a list of the accounts logged in on your device for id verification which further helps us to ensure
that no unauthorized user act on your behalf to help us prevent frauds.
CAMERA
We seek the camera information permission which helps us to provide you with easy/smooth experience and enable
you to click photographs of your KYC documents along with other requisite documents as required and upload the
same on the App with utmost ease during your EMI application journey.
MICROPHONE
We seek microphone permissions to enable a two-way communication between our agent and you for performing and
completing your video KYC process. We may record and storethe video KYC for further verification and regulatory purpose.
STORAGE
We seek storage permission which will help us to securely download your KYC and other relevant documents and
save the same on your device. this will further make it easy for you to upload the correct KYC related documents
with ease for filling the EMI application details faster and disbursal process even more quicker. This also 
ensures that you are provided with a seamless experience while using the application.
Web Information Collection:
We use cookies to collect information about you. This information is used to help our marketing efforts and to 
otherwise improve our services and enhance user experience. No confidential information is stored. You can 
control use of cookies at individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you will be unable to use ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ services.
Retaining your Information:
We retain your information in our database for as long as your account is active or is required to comply 
with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes and/or enforce our agreements.
How and when your information is shared with other parties:
We work with many partner merchants, vendors and banks. These partners include credit reporting agencies, 
financial service providers, identity verification services, service providers and electronic payment service providers.
We may share your information with any of our vendors or partners which allow them to perform the service which 
they have agreed with us. In each case, such exchange is governed by data security agreements to prevent sharing 
of your information (accept in cases where any part of the information needs to be shared to provide services or is required by law).

Our partner banks have access to all information which you share with us. We might also share information with 
the merchant on whose website you are using ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ services.

We may also share your information in response to a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process or for 
the purpose of preventing fraud or criminal activity, as mandated by the law or to protect our legal rights.
How we may use your information:
Some of our employees and our representatives will have access to your information. We have robust rules 
and guidelines in place to ensure that this information is protected and kept confidential.
We will use your information for our everyday business activities, including working with the banks to 
investigate your credit worthiness. Processing transactions with you, collecting repayment amounts on your EMI, 
resolving disputes or otherwise to maintain your account. We may also use your information to reduce risk of 
fraudulent transactions and to better assess credit risk. For this reason, some of our employees and representatives
will have access to your information. In this case, employees are required to comply with our data privacy 
policies to keep all such information confidential.
How we safeguard your information:
We maintain strong security safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of your personal information, 
protect against any anticipated threats to the security of your personal information, protect against unauthorized 
access to your information, and ensure the proper disposal of your personal information. We have adopted a comprehensive
security policy that complies with law and regulations and reflects industry standards.

Our security policy requires us to consistently monitor the risk of any threats to the administrative, technical,
and physical safeguards we have put in place to protect your information. The safeguards include, at a minimum,
firewalls and data encryption and restricting access to your personal information only to those employees who have 
a need to know such information to carry on our operations. Further, access to our physical office is restricted only
to our employees and representatives. These safeguards are reviewed and adjusted periodically based on ongoing risk assessments.
Other sites:
The ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ privacy policy only covers your use of ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ services or access to the site. 
Our merchant partners may have different policies governing use of your information. It is advised that you review 
said policies from the merchant website to understand how the information you provided to the merchant or accessed by 
the merchant might be used by the merchant.
Compliance with state laws:
We comply with all rules and regulations (applicable on Services provided by SHOPPING DEAL APP’) mandated by the government of your country. 
These rules are regularly updated by the concerned authorities and our legal team ensures that we remain law compliant.
Confidentiality, security and integrity of customer information:
Employees of ‘SHOPPING DEAL APP’ are regularly sensitized about the importance of confidentiality and privacy. 
Management will take steps necessary to ensure only employees with a legitimate business reason for knowing
personally identifiable customer information shall have access to such information. To the extent practicable, 
access will be limited by computer access codes and granting limited access to areas in which sensitive customer 
information is retained. Employees will be informed at the time of their initial employment of these standards.
Violation of this policy through misuse of sensitive information will result in disciplinary action against the offending individual.
