Shopping Deal -  Return Policy
All Products purchased from the Website enjoy thirty (30) days 'Return Policy'
Any Product, purchased from the Website, can be returned to the Company within thirty (30) days of delivery 
of the same to User by placing a "Return Order" request by logging a mail the Company's email by email on support@nvmspl.com.
Any Product purchased from the Website can be returned to the Company only if the Product supplied by the 
Company is damaged, defective or the Product received is different from the Product that was ordered.
The User shall ensure that he/she does not accept the delivery of any Product whose original packaging is 
damaged or tampered in any manner. In the event if User, on removing the packaging of the Product, finds
the Product is damaged and/or defective and/or is different from the Product that was ordered, User shall 
intimate the Company’s Customer Care Centre within 24 hours of receiving the product, about such damage 
and/or defect and/ or difference and the Company shall arrange for the replacement of the Product or 
refund of price of the Product collected by the Company, in the unlikely event of the Company only
being unable to replace the damaged and/or defective Product. Please upload a video proof while unboxing
the product which is mandatory, without this the company has right to reject your refund request
For any Refund or Exchange / Replacement of Product, the relevant provisions of Refund and Exchange
shall apply as given herein. In case of Cancellation (Return / Replacement) of order after delivery of
the Product to User, the Company will arrange pick up of the Product to be returned. Product returned
must be in like-new condition and returned in original packaging with all original accessories and
other components. User will assist and cooperate fully to return the Product with its manuals, 
booklets, warranty card, accessories, freebies and packing materials or any other thing
which were delivered to User along with the Product being returned. Company reserves 
the right to reject any refund request if the product received is damaged or if any accessories or any 
other original components are missing. Products received that do not meet the above return criteria may 
be returned to the customer via ground shipment. At the time of pickup the User will be provided with
acknowledgement of pick up by the Company’s Logistical Partner. User should retain the said acknowledgment
and quote on the product, the same in all his/her future communications with the Company in this regard.
All free gifts, in original packing as delivered and unused condition, must be returned along with the 
Product in case of cancellation of order of the Product with which the free gift(s) is/are given.
